these sports is definitely growing I
think that's the biggest difference in
the first one you can talk about is that
eSports is getting bigger it used to be
something that was almost a subculture
people are like oh you get money to do
that whereas now you can actually go to
a lot of places and people are like okay
I've seen you on TV and I know about
that and my friend does this and there's
a lot of people interconnecting and
related to that and I think that's a big
difference it's not just America it's
also in Asia and Europe in other parts
of the world South America is actually
on the big rise with that as well I
think another big difference with these
sports is the money again with it being
like almost a subculture thing ten years
ago it is now becoming more wildly
successful and something that people
with the checkbooks and the investments
are looking at as a logical venue to
express their own interests and to get
their name out there and to be a part of
the to get a chunk of the pot so there's
a lot of that going on there's the money
and there's the end there's also the the
people involved I think the third
biggest change with eSports would have
to be I don't know the cutting edge of
it right now like there's a lot of games
that are being made competitive that I
don't think a lot of people considered
like chrome 3d is a pool game that
people are playing on a very high level
there's also sports games madden USA is
a huge tournament that people play all
over the place I don't know if anyone
saw that growing to this to the size it
has now there's wcg USA and world and
that's played in almost all the major
countries in the entire planet and they
have hundreds of thousands of people
turn out every year to try to go and to
represent their country and to be a part
of that and it's taken on real
nationalistic levels with that so I
think with the growth of eSports you're
seeing the nationalization of it and the
pride being associated with it with just
more than my own name but also
organizations over the country I'm even
from
with the growth of eSports you're seeing
the natural occurrences that happened in
business and other other markets as well
it's not it's the the market itself no
longer tolerates the real immature or
the abusive or the people that go about
it the wrong way and those people kind
of get sifted out so you're seeing a
more mature you're seeing a more finely
tuned group of people but you're also
seeing a more diverse group of people I
don't think I can remember the last ten
years ever seeing as many ethnic ethnic
diversity zat tournaments or gender
diversity I think you're seeing a lot of
girls of these terms because no longer
is it as much a sexist world that says
now you have a certain expectation where
you need to go to school and get married
because that's all you're good for now
it's more you are a human being you
could go to these tournaments as well
and you can play with the boys it's
still kind of a boy's world but you're
seeing it getting cracked big time and
girls are being accepted with open arms
by the fine companies and I mean look at
EG we have one of the best guitar hero 3
player heart guitar hero players ever
and she's a female and she represents a
company really well and i think you're
seeing more and more of that